Dear Padfoot, 

Thank you, thank you, for Harry's birthday present! It was his
favourite by far. One year old and already zooming along on a toy
broomstick, he looked so pleased with himself, I'm enclosing a picture
so you can see. You know it only rises about two feet off the ground,
but he nearly killed the cat and he smashed a horrible vase Petunia
sent me for Christmas (no complaints there). Of course, James thought
it was funny, says he's going to be a great Quidditch player, but
we've had to pack away all the ornaments and make sure we don't take
our eyes off him when he gets going.

We had a very quiet birthday tea, just us and old Bathilda, who has
always been sweet to us, and who dotes on Harry. We were so sorry you
couldn't come, but the Order's got to come first, and Harry's not old
enough to know it's his birthday anyway! James is getting a bit
frustrated shut up here, he tries not to show it but I can tell --
also, Dumbledore's still got his Invisibility Cloak, so no chance of
little excursions. If you could visit, it would cheer him up so
much. Wormy was here last weekend, I thought he seemed down, but that
was probably the news about the McKinnons; I cried all evening when I
heard.

Bathilda drops in most days, she's a fascinating old thing with the
most amazing stories about Dumbledore, I'm not sure he'd be pleased if
he knew! I don't know how much to believe, actually, because it seems
incredible that Dumbledore...

[From 'Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows' by J.K. Rowling]
